(The products and organizations have been created for the drama.)
(The story and its characters are fictional.)
(Episode 4)
Are you alone?
Should I go there?
I just finished making the tests.
I can go home now.
Get a lot of sleep tonight.
You'll need energy to ride jet ski in Gapyeong tomorrow.
Yes.
Bye.
Who's there?
(To Na Mo Hyun)
(I'm telling you the truth because I feel sorry for you.)
"I'm telling you the truth because I feel sorry for you."
("Memoir of a Law Student Who Passed 44th Bar Exam in 2002")
(Kang Pil Joo)
Pil Joo...
("3rd Generation of Cheong A Group Gets Involved in Management")
(Director Jang Boo Cheon, the grandson of Jang Kook Hwan)
(Jang Boo Cheon)
(Kang Pil Joo)
(Recent call history: Pil Joo)
(Bus Stop)
Hello, Ms. Na Mo Hyun.
Do you remember me?
I'm Jang Boo Cheon.
Hello, Mr. Kang Pil Joo.
Someone told me the truth which I'm very grateful for.
That person felt sorry for me.
After your parents passed away,
you studied for the bar exam living at your friend's house.
You're right.
That's me.
I know that you were the friend who helped Mr. Jang Boo Cheon...
get his life together.
Yes,
that was me too.
I switched...
our names.
I can explain everything.
I don't want to know.
Give that to Mr. Jang, please.
(I'm telling you the truth because I feel sorry for you.)
("Memoir of a Law Student Who Passed 44th Bar Exam in 2002")
("3rd Generation of Cheong A Group Gets Involved in Management")
(Jang Boo Cheon)
Hey, Pil Joo. Where are you?
Yeo Cheon is going to be promoted to an executive.
After the promotion,
he's going to be the assistant manager of Strategy Team.
Yeo Cheon will be your supervisor.
Hey, have you gone mad?
You'd better bring that back!
Apologize for hitting me first!
(Director Jang Boo Cheon)
As soon as he heard he's getting promoted,
he came to kick me out of my office.
This office...
belongs to the assistant manager...
of Strategy Team.
Director Jang Yeo Cheon.
Your promotion hasn't been finalized by the board yet.
Once your appointment is finalized,
Director Jang Boo Cheon will empty this office,
and I will treat you as the assistant manager.
- However, until that... - Chairman Jang...
has given me the promotion.
The approval by the board is only a formality.
Empty your office now.
Darn it. That piece of garbage!
Hey, Pil Joo.
Grandfather made him your supervisor...
because you wouldn't work for him.
I cannot let you work...
for that jerk.
Give me some time.
With Na Mo Hyun, I will...
- Yes? - Director Jang and Director Kang.
You're needed in President Jang's office.
Come in.
Honorary Chairman Jang...
needs to talk to both of you.
- I'll leave you to them. - Okay.
I'm sorry to have taken up your office.
Grandfather.
Did you order...
Yeo Cheon's promotion?
I didn't order it. I simply suggested the idea.
There wasn't any update after you went hiking with Congressman Na.
Attorney Kang.
After the talk you and I had, I keep dreaming...
about Cheong A Tower every other day.
I woke up from having a dream about the very tower today.
That's certainly a good dream to have.
Grandfather, it's about my marriage.
It's going according to our plan. You don't need to worry.
I believe...
- if Yeo Cheon gets promoted... - Chairman Jang.
If he's going to be the assistant manager of Strategy Team,
qualifications of a vice president are needed for the position.
First off, I'll make him an executive first.
Given how he handles his duty,
as long as he's competent,
I can make him a vice president as well.
Grandfather, that's absurd.
I'll make decisions however I see fit.
You have your own work cut out for you.
I'll give you a fortnight.
I'd like to see my future granddaughter-in-law by then.
Pil Joo, don't you worry.
I'll take care of everything.
Hey, I don't even need a fortnight.
I'm going to tell her everything today,
and I'll bring her over to Mooshimwon tomorrow morning.
We need to talk.
("Memoir of a Law Student Who Passed 44th Bar Exam in 2002")
("3rd Generation of Cheong A Group Gets Involved in Management")
Who on earth did this?
- Was Yeo Cheon behind this? - That's a possibility.
As far as this marriage is concerned,
everyone excluding you,
Executive Jung, me, and Honorary Chairman Jang,
is an enemy.
I can't face my mom.
I can't face my mom. Darn it!
But I don't want to die yet.
I just want to get injured,
so I can stay in a hospital or something.
Pil Joo.
Come on. Hurry.
What do you do, Mr. Kang?
Pil Joo.
She asked you what you do for a living.
(Jang Yeo Cheon)
Darn.
Why does he keep calling me?
- Why aren't you answering? - I'll empty my office...
when your transfer is officially approved.
Aunt went to see Grandfather to complain about my promotion.
Take her home before she passes out.
You drove Boo Cheon's dad into a corner and cost his life.
And now, you want your eldest grandson to leave this world too?
If he's that weak to commit suicide because his cousin got promoted...
before he did, he wouldn't be of use anyway.
I don't think I can be of any help.
You need to look at the big picture.
Boo Cheon and Yeo Cheon...
shouldn't be given nice positions...
because of their bloodline.
The world has changed.
No one knows how far they can go if they are not tough enough.
Two of them must compete as much as they can...
to toughen them out. That's how they can survive.
- Father. - Yes.
When his dad was transferred to the hospital after losing consciousness,
you wanted him off the oxygen mask.
What? Who said such nonsense?
Hadn't we pulled out life support, and watched for progress,
he could have woken up.
Hey, Dr. Hwang said...
the chance of Soo Man waking up was very slim.
He wasn't just some guy. He was known for his strength.
Why would I want to see him barely breathing with the oxygen tank?
He will be only fodder for gossip for those...
who find happiness in others' misfortune.
As long as he was breathing,
having a father would've been better for Boo Cheon than having no one.
You give up on your son's life without giving it another thought...
if Cheong A Group doesn't benefit from him.
Let me tell you this since it seems you know a lot about me.
Give Yeo Cheon the house if there's no chance...
of Cheong A Tower getting built.
Father.
Half of Cheong A Group was built...
- on the backs of my family. - What?
What kind of nonsense is that?
When Cheong A Group was suffering financially,
thanks to the loans from my father who stuck his neck out for us,
Cheong A managed to stay afloat.
Hey, that wasn't his money.
The money came from the bank and government.
You wanted to use my father's ability to move the fund around.
That's why you wanted me as your daughter-in-law.
Don't...
dismiss me so easily, Father.
I didn't speak my mind as I felt sorry for you.
Let me give you a piece of mind...
since we are discussing this.
You're the cause of Soo Man's collapse.
It's because you're strong-headed.
You exhausted my son, and therefore, he collapsed.
You should be repenting!
Dr. Hong came to treat you.
When I woke up,
I was nervous if I wasn't at home.
I was afraid that...
people from Mooshimwon might have seen my weak side.
What is it?
Na Mo Hyun...
found out Boo Cheon's identity.
I shouldn't have let...
that foolish girl who cared about fate and love influence me.
It's my fault.
I should have intervened more closely.
It would have been better if they met on a blind date.
She would have accepted his proposal after refusing...
his hands a few times.
It would have been impossible...
to have her to show up on the date.
Where is the Kang Pil Joo that I know of?
Why do you sound like you're her spokesperson?
You...
Pil Joo.
We can't give up yet.
This marriage...
is for your benefit too.
Chairman Jang.
Why do you hate Director Jang Boo Cheon so much...
even though he's your eldest grandson?
You think I hate Boo Cheon?
Who would say such a stupid thing?
I don't hate Boo Cheon. I feel bad for him.
He's stupid just like his father.
Sometimes his heart is softer than Soo Man's.
He seems spineless too.
He should've taken after his determined mother.
I thought you don't like Executive Jung.
Executive Jung is genuine.
To protect a huge mountain like Cheong A,
it's only right to be greedy and determined like her.
It's a shame she's not from my family.
Nowadays, people make daughters, daughters-in-law,
and wives to be in the chairwoman position.
Other sons-in-law...
and daughters-in-law's family will try to take a position too.
That could collapse the great mountain.
Cheong A should belong to only one man.
Father. It's me.
- I'll bring tea. - Thanks.
We met in the morning.
It's Soo Man's memorial soon,
so I bought some candies.
Really?
Your brother will love it.
Yes.
While I was buying candies for him,
I suddenly felt sorry for him.
Even though Yeo Cheon's younger,
he got married before Boo Cheon.
Do you know any good woman?
Look for one.
I can't let him die single.
Okay.
You said...
a daughter of a newspaper company would be good for Yeo Cheon.
Do you have any suggestions for him?
(Mo Hyun)
(Pil Joo)
The number you have dialed is not available at the moment.
(Scuba diving practice at night on 9th)
(Jang Kook Hwan)
(Health examination result)
(Need to work out regularly. Generally healthy.)
(Jung Mal Ran)
(Jung Mal Ran share trend)
(Shares of Cheong A Trading Jung Mal Ran owns)
(Jang Boo Cheon)
(Jang Yeo Cheon)
(Jang Yeo Cheon Cheong A Group slush fund embezzlement evidence)
- Yong Goo. - Hey, Pil Joo.
(Medical examination result, Jang Boo Cheon dereliction of duty)
(Jang Yeo Cheon embezzlement, Jung Mal Ran's shares)
What's wrong?
When did you make this?
In case all paper documents burn,
this is all I have left. I should keep them securely.
Na Mo Hyun...
is in water right now.
That's what you wanted to ask.
Are you okay?
How did you find me here?
(Water level 5m)
What are you doing here?
I've been worried about you...
since I met you...
this morning.
So I decided to come.
I'm sorry...
for showing up without notice.
I said I don't want to listen to your excuse.
Please...
leave.
I felt bad...
when I heard Pil Joo tied himself to a chair...
to stop himself from going to cheer for 2002 World Cup,
so I wanted to make him happy.
I supported him...
when he said he couldn't leave...
his rich friend Boo Cheon...
for having no dream.
When I see you,
you remind me of the time I supported the wrong person.
It makes me uncomfortable.
I never want to see you again.
I made my daughter cry...
even though I'm her dad.
Do you know how I feel now?
Are you worried about...
your crying daughter right now...
or the political fund...
you won't receive due to broken marriage?
What?
Pretend you don't know Na Mo Hyun and Director Jang are dating.
If your daughter ever finds out,
everything will go to waste.
I can never do that until I can believe Cheong A.
I've been repairing regional political party...
in order to run for president.
The fact that Mo Hyun is crying...
suggests what Cheong A's up to isn't going right.
It's not too late yet, Congressman Na.
If you want,
you can always let go of Cheong A.
If you can't trust Cheong A,
we'll look for other president who will approve...
building Cheong A tower.
What are you doing outside?
The house you live in...
is too dirty to go in!
That hurts.
This means I'm out of this marriage.
You take Na Mo Hyun.
- What are you talking about? - Your eyes!
You swear with your eyes.
I saw your eyes desperate to have...
- Na Mo Hyun. - Don't put the blame on me.
You can't fool me.
If you're a law expert, I'm a relationship expert.
Admit that you can't persuade Na Mo Hyun,
and beg me for help.
Don't...
put blames on others.
How dare you...
[VIU Ver] E04 Money Flower "Pil Joo's Real Identity"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Mo Hyun.
You should stop this.
I'm so broken and ruined...
that I can't stop myself...
from pushing you towards the agony called Cheong A.
Mom.
Why are you running all of a sudden?
Running isn't the plan you and Pil Joo discussed.
- What is it? - Pil Joo's weird, Mom.
Pil Joo came up with this plan.
Even if it hurts your feelings,
- you should endure it. - Actually,
I don't like the way Pil Joo looks at Na Mo Hyun.
So?
- Pardon? - Jang Boo Cheon.
Get a grip.
It's a marriage of convenience.
We've come a long way to read a stupid girl named Na Mo Hyun,
but you should never forget the truth behind it.
Even if...
Kang Pil Joo sleeps with Na Mo Hyun every night,
you must accomplish this marriage.
Mom.
What are you going to do about Na Mo Hyun?
I'll tell you...
once I come up with a plan.
What a scene to watch.
Kang Pil Joo...
going after a woman he loves.
What are you going to do after you chase her?
On your first day in Mooshimwon,
you left it with me.
I took...
your knife.
And I saved your life...
from a ditch.
Think about where you started.
Stay in the villa written on it.
Father will send someone there.
Yes?
Okay.
Grandfather is waiting in the house across the river.
Mom!
Pil Joo. Pil Joo, are you okay?
Are you all right?
I left Kyung Cheon in the water.
Kyung Cheon!
Mom, Kyung Cheon is in the water.
I will go find Kyung Cheon.
You got a leather bag from Yong Goo's junk shop...
for me the other day.
There's a note your mother left you...
in the bag.
(Please give this to Pil Joo when he grows up.)
Eun Cheon.
Until you have the power to protect yourself,
you should...
never say you're Eun Cheon.
Jang Boo Cheon.
Be my friend.
You must be Kang Pil Joo.
I heard you suffered...
because of some misunderstanding with Boo Cheon.
And I'm sorry...
your father passed away...
while you were in jail.
Stay here with Boo Cheon,
and think about what you're going to do with your life.
I'll help you.
Stab me if you can.
Stab me,
and take whatever you want.
When Boo Cheon grows up,
he'll become the chairman.
Boo Cheon is the eldest son...
of the Jang's.
I'll...
keep this knife.
You can study living here with Boo Cheon.
I don't want to force you to study.
If you don't want to study,
come to me and take this knife back.
Once you take it back,
you can't stay around Boo Cheon.
If you study...
while staying with Boo Cheon...
and help him...
become the chairman of Cheong A Group,
I'll never forget your effort.
I'm the eldest son.
If Boo Cheon becomes the chairman, I'll take Cheong A Group back...
and watch you grieve for it.
Secretary Ahn.
- Yes, Executive Jung. - Call Director Jang.
Just do as Pil Joo says.
I'm sure he'll come up with a good plan.
And...
Pil Joo...
is not interested in Na Mo Hyun. Don't worry.
I know...
Pil Joo better than anyone.
You know that, don't you?
Yes.
Go see Pil Joo. Now.
Long time no see.
Why is he so upset?
Are you wearing...
the operating gown to depress me?
This gown is like my skin.
How can I walk around without my skin?
Dr. Hwang says you were sick.
So he sent me to check you up.
Go see a doctor when you are sick.
Dr. Hwang is too busy to visit you at the hotel.
I don't believe Cheong A Hospital.
Your father died there.
You don't want to do a blood test. We don't need it as you're not sick.
When are you going to quit and help your brother?
Or you can learn how to manage Cheong A Hospital.
Do you want me to die young like Dad did?
People should do what they really want...
to live long.
As he talked to me,
his back vibrated with his voice.
And I felt a tug at my heart. I keep thinking about it.
You were so drunk that you didn't even know who he was.
But you still remember the feeling?
Yes. I could feel he cared about me so much.
Even though I was drunk, I felt protected and safe.
- Is that guy you? - No, it's you.
My plan is to make you become...
the guy from the conversation.
I ended up like this because I pretended to be you.
Do I have to do that again?
Hey,
look me straight in the eye.
Are you...
really not interested in Mo Hyun?
I'm not.
I can never read what's on your mind.
- Is this all I need? - Yes.
You should remember the order.
(Dear Mo Hyun)
(Mo Hyun...)
Chief Campaigner Na Gi Chul of Shindaehan Party...
is here with us to elaborate on it.
Regarding the election pledges of Shindaehan Party,
many believe that your progressive idea must have been...
taken into account...
more than the idea of Congressman Lee, the candidate.
What do you think about it?
Firstly, we're well aware...
that people are very interested...
- in the promises... - Mo Hyun.
- You've got something delivered. - of each party.
- What? - So...
- to make the change people want, - Who sent it?
- It's Jang Boo Cheon. - we're doing...
- Who is Jang Boo Cheon? - our best...
to focus all our capabilities...
to live up to their expectations.
(Addressee: Na Mo Hyun, Addresser: Jang Boo Cheon)
As the chief campaigner,
- Jang Boo Cheon... - I am...
- I've never heard of the name. - doing my best...
to help the party to get the best result.
(Addressee: Na Mo Hyun, Addresser: Jang Boo Cheon)
What is this?
Mo Hyun, I didn't know I'd send you these photos.
I went there to photograph birds,
and took photos of you.
That's the day...
I fell in love with you.
A son of large firm's chairman wanted to marry me...
because of my dad's title.
Many are interested in the titles of others' fathers.
I never want people to focus more on my parents...
when I get married.
Pil Joo visited a restaurant in hotel...
and happened to overhear what you said in your blind date.
Also, he knows how much I like you,
so we switched our names...
- I'm Jang Boo Cheon. - when we first met in the cafe.
When I found you on the street that night,
all I had in my mind...
was that I had to protect you...
until you got home safely.
At the cafe we've always visited together,
I'll be waiting for you every night.
I got stood up again.
(Mo Hyun)
She's here.
Mo Hyun...
Hey.
Can you hear my heart pounding?
Pil Joo.
What should I say to her?
I must greet her with sweet talk.
You came here every day.
Haven't you thought of anything?
Of course, I have.
Boo Cheon.
I am sorry...
for making you wait so long.
I've met Congressman Na...
at the event held by Cheong A Welfare Foundation.
When I see him on the news,
I can tell he hasn't changed at all.
He's grown so much thinner...
since he started working as chief campaigner.
That's right.
He's the chief campaigner.
I almost forgot it.
I understand. Not everyone is interested in politics.
Chairman Jang wants you to get married as soon as possible,
but the school semester isn't over.
That's right.
I talked about it with Boo Cheon...
and decided to work until the contract terminates.
You should've asked...
the elders of each family before you made a decision.
Okay.
And...
I'm still using honorifics to my future daughter-in-law.
It's proper that you should ask me to talk casually.
Please talk casually.
What's that smile?
I thought you wanted to treat me with respect...
by using honorifics as I haven't married Boo Cheon yet.
I felt embarrassing to have misunderstood you,
so I smiled before I knew it.
There is a time and a place.
If you smile all the time like now,
people might look down on you, so be careful.
Okay.
Mom.
Grandfather keeps asking me when Mo Hyun will visit his room.
You don't have to do it.
Do it properly later. Just sit down.
Is your father Congressman Na?
Yes, he is.
What good news for a change!
Listen.
Yes, Father.
Hold their wedding in two months.
Well,
is there any other plan?
I need you to cancel it and get married first.
I'll bear the entire expenses regarding your marriage.
So tell Congressman Na that both families won't...
accept any congratulatory money.
Yes, Grandfather.
Make sure that our in-laws receive...
the most luxurious wedding gift in the country.
I will, Father.
You don't have to prepare anything for us.
Hello.
It's nice to meet you. Please have a seat.
I'll touch up your makeup.
Okay.
You can do it.
(Money Flower)
Boo Cheon has the romance of the century.
Can you promise me that you'll love Mo Hyun forever?
Yes.
Boo Cheon had a girlfriend?
That's such a disgrace to our family.
Go meet Congressman Na's daughter, and call off your marriage.
I didn't know you also like birds.
I was really sad as I couldn't meet him in the end.
I hope I could meet him just once.
What will you do after you have Cheong A in your hands?
I'll wipe Executive Jung's tears and tell her...
the truth about who I really am.